:book: document setting feature flags for tilt dev env (#6224)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/developer/tilt.md

for more details.

**kustomize_substitutions** (Map{String: String}, default={}): An optional map of substitutions for `${}`-style placeholders in the

> provider's yaml. **Note**: It's recommended to enable all feature flags for local dev environment to ensure e2e tests run through:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
provider's yaml. **Note**: It's recommended to enable the following feature flags for local dev environment to ensure e2e tests run through:
```

```yaml
kustomize_substitutions:

>   CLUSTER_TOPOLOGY: "true"
>   EXP_MACHINE_POOL: "true"
>   EXP_CLUSTER_RESOURCE_SET: "true"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  CLUSTER_TOPOLOGY: "true"
  EXP_MACHINE_POOL: "true"
  EXP_CLUSTER_RESOURCE_SET: "true"
  EXP_KUBEADM_BOOTSTRAP_FORMAT_IGNITION: "true"
```

Author: thanks, I added this additional flag to both mds :+1: hope that's what you intended :)
